Slew of minor doc fixes (#20860)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/building_visit/Building_Directly_With_CMake.rst

    Toggles building of Fortran example programs.

VISIT_INSTALL_THIRD_PARTY : BOOL : OFF

>     Install VisIt_'s 3rd part I/O libraries and includes to permit plugin development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Install VisIt_'s thirdparty I/O libraries and includes to permit plugin development.
```

VISIT_STATIC : BOOL : OFF
    Build VisIt_ statically.

macOS only

> """""""""""

Reviewer 2: the ~~~ line needs one less ~ now that you removed the space.
